hey tours trip wire here I just wanted
to show off my world war two German BMW
motorcycle they are not the exact same
brand but they are pretty close
headlight bracket flipped it and then we
put cinder with a piece of metal and
welded it over here on the back we
mounted use an L bracket that come over
the top here down the side here I'm out
still try an existing bracket point
right here now down over here use the
conduit clamp to hold it in there
and for the gas cam case all we did was
buy up cookie jars from cookie container
from Goodwill and get a belt just strap
it on and the headlight cover we made
here and also later won't be watching
their videos this will be painted pins
or gray I'm with a sidecar